AM Replace Wisper with RailsEventStore (#4)
stevo/pubsub_on_rails: README.md

Reviewer: I think it's worth adding the requirements information to the README. If I understand correctly, from now on Rails Event Store is required and Wisper is not. This is breaking change, so it may be relevant.

It's also worth removing `wisper`, `wisper-sidekiq` and `wisper-rspec` from gemspec. Also consider adding the rails_event_store gem to gemspec. It might be useful.

Reviewer: Ok old dependencies are removed. I didn't notice it.

end
```

> Since we are using Rails Event Store to create event this give as possibility to create **stream** of events. We can treat them as sub-list of events. To be able to use that functionality we need to declare which stream are interesting for us. By default we add event to stream based on its name. In case of our example it is `ordering__order_created`. We can provide also custom streams even based on some additional data from the event attributes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Since we are using Rails Event Store to handle events, it gives us a possibility to create **stream** of events. We can treat them as sub-list of events. To be able to use that functionality we need to declare which streams given event should be part pf. By default we add event to stream based on its name. In case of our example it is `ordering__order_created`. We can provide also custom streams even based on some additional data from the event attributes (for example to group all events related to given order).
```

```ruby
# spec/support/pub_sub.rb

require 'pub_sub/testing'

RSpec.configure do |config|
  config.include PubSub::Testing::RailsEventStore
  config.include PubSub::Testing::EventDataHelper

  config.around(:each, in_memory_res_client: true) do |example|
    current_event_store = Rails.configuration.event_store
    Rails.configuration.event_store = RubyEventStore::Client.new(
      repository: RubyEventStore::InMemoryRepository.new
    )
    example.run
    Rails.configuration.event_store = current_event_store
  end
end
```

> This will gives you an opportunity to use `in_memory_res_client` which will not create object in the database and do not call all dependent logic.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This will allow you to use `in_memory_res_client` which will not create object (event) in the database and do not call all dependent logic (handlers).
```
